[Autogenerated] So are the benefits of consumer driven contract testing.
Is it really worth it over the traditional approaches
off into an testing or stop him?
While the feedback loop is now dramatically improved,
we no longer have to weigh an eternity for our micro
services to build deploy on bientot untested.
Now we can run our local contract us instead.
Also,
as these contract has to continually verified on both sides of our interaction,
it means we don't have the problem of style tests
like we would do with stubbing.
Delivering features is now a lot easier,
as we have two strong feedback fast,
reliable local build failures by the contract tests filling
the gap left behind by into n testing.
We can decommission some of our end so and test environments.
This is because we simply don't need to run them as much as
we did before or even after some changes.
Not at all.
From a business perspective,
this saves his money as we're paying less for
infrastructure as opposed to provider,
creating an M point which may not be exactly what the consumers want.
The consumers now drive the A P I themselves through two contracts this
means we are always implementing what is required for a feature by
giving the consumer exactly what they ask for.
It's no longer possible for there to be any misconceptions.
Andi things not really working correctly when sink
top together for the first time,
trying to figure out what depends on what on whether a change
to an A P I will break any fan is now easy.
This is because every single micro service interaction is to
finding contracts if a provider is changed than the
contracts it has with its consumers,
or tell us whether we break the interaction with those consumers.
This demonstrates how powerful consume a gym and contract testing
really is as the office aggression that we would over wise need
and two in testing for and gives us an automated view of how
everything links together.
It also becomes a lot easier to develop in parallel.
All that really needs to be done upfront is a contract.
Once this is defined,
both the provider under consumer can be implemented
together at the same time on again.
Because of the fantastic feedback given by the contract tests,
we will know that when deployed together for the first time
they will be able to communicate without failure by
continually testing against the contract.
On both sides of the interaction,
it is literally impossible for a contract to become stale.
We're stopping the stop can end up being completely
different to the rial provider,
whereas here the continuous testing on the provider side would prevent that from ever happening.